
This document defines the initial version of the IANA-maintained
"iana-foo" YANG module.  The most recent version of the YANG module
is available from the "YANG Parameters" registry
[IANA-YANG-PARAMETERS].

IANA is requested to add this note to the registry:

   New values must not be directly added to the "iana-foo" YANG
   module.  They must instead be added to the "foo" registry.

When a value is added to the "foo" registry, a new "identity"
statement must be added to the "iana-foo" YANG module.  The name of
the "identity" MUST be the name as provided in the
registry.  The "identity" statement should have the following sub-
statements defined:

 "base":        Contains 'name-base-identity-defined-in-foo'.

 "status":      Include only if a registration has been deprecated or
                obsoleted.  IANA "deprecated" maps to YANG status
                "deprecated", and IANA "obsolete" maps to YANG status
                "obsolete".

 "description":  Replicates the description from the registry.

 "reference":   Replicates the reference(s) from the registry with
                the title of the document(s) added.

Unassigned or reserved values are not present in the module.

When the "iana-foo" YANG module is updated, a new "revision"
statement with a unique revision date must be added in front of the
existing revision statements. The "revision" statement MUST contain 
both "description" and "reference" substatements as follows.

The "description" substatement captures what changed in the
revised version. Typically, the description enumerates the changes
such as udpates to existing entries (e.g., update a description or
a reference) or notes which identities were added or had their status
changed (e.g., deprecated, discouraged, or obsoleted).

  -- When such a description is not feasible, the description varies
  -- on how the update is triggered.

  -- If the update is triggered by an RFC, insert this text:

 The "description" substatement should include this text:
 "Applied updates as specified by RFC XXXX.".

  -- If the update is triggered following other IANA registration
  -- policy (Section 4 of [RFC8126]) but not all the values in the
  -- registry are covered by the same policy, insert this text:

 The "description" substatement should include this text: 
 "Applied updates as specified by the registration policy 
  <Some_IANA_policy>".

The "reference" substatement points specifically to the published
module (i.e., IANA_FOO_URL_With_REV). It may also point to an 
authoritative event triggering the update to the YANG module. In all
cases, this event is cited from the underlying IANA registry. If the
update is triggered by an RFC, that RFC must also be included in
the "reference" substatement.

IANA is requested to add this note to [reference-to-the-iana-foo-
registry]:

   When this registry is modified, the YANG module "iana-foo"
   [IANA_FOO_URL] must be updated as defined in RFC IIII.

