X.  Security Considerations

The YANG module specified in this document defines a schema for data
that is designed to be accessed via network management protocols such
as NETCONF [RFC6241] or RESTCONF [RFC8040].  The lowest NETCONF layer
is the secure transport layer, and the mandatory-to-implement secure
transport is Secure Shell (SSH) [RFC6242].  The lowest RESTCONF layer
is HTTPS, and the mandatory-to-implement secure transport is TLS
[RFC8446].

The Network Configuration Access Control Model (NACM) [RFC8341]
provides the means to restrict access for particular NETCONF or
RESTCONF users to a preconfigured subset of all available NETCONF or
RESTCONF protocol operations and content.

 -- if you have any writable data nodes (those are all the
 -- "config true" nodes, and remember, that is the default)
 -- describe their specific sensitivity or vulnerability.

There are a number of data nodes defined in this YANG module that are
writable/creatable/deletable (i.e., "config true", which is the
default).  These data nodes may be considered sensitive or vulnerable
in some network environments.  Write operations (e.g., edit-config)
and delete operations to these data nodes without proper protection
or authentication can have a negative effect on network operations.
These are the subtrees and data nodes and their sensitivity/
vulnerability:

<list subtrees and data nodes and state why they are sensitive>

 -- for all YANG modules you must evaluate whether any readable data
 -- nodes (those are all the "config false" nodes, but also all other
 -- nodes, because they can also be read via operations like get or
 -- get-config) are sensitive or vulnerable (for instance, if they
 -- might reveal customer information or violate personal privacy
 -- laws such as those of the European Union if exposed to
 -- unauthorized parties)

Some of the readable data nodes in this YANG module may be considered
sensitive or vulnerable in some network environments.  It is thus
important to control read access (e.g., via get, get-config, or
notification) to these data nodes.  These are the subtrees and data
nodes and their sensitivity/vulnerability:

<list subtrees and data nodes and state why they are sensitive>

 -- if your YANG module has defined any RPC operations
 -- describe their specific sensitivity or vulnerability.

Some of the RPC operations in this YANG module may be considered
sensitive or vulnerable in some network environments.  It is thus
important to control access to these operations.  These are the
operations and their sensitivity/vulnerability:

<list RPC operations and state why they are sensitive>
