
X.  Security Considerations

This section uses the template described in Section 3.7 of [RFCXXXX].

The YANG module specified in this document defines a schema for data
that is designed to be accessed via network management protocols such
as NETCONF [RFC6241] or RESTCONF [RFC8040]. These network management 
protocols are required to use a secure transport layer and mutual
authentication, e.g., SSH [RFC6242] without the "none" authentication
option, Transport Layer Security (TLS) [RFC8446] with mutual X.509 
authentication, and HTTPS with HTTP authentication (Section 11 of
[RFC9110]).

The Network Configuration Access Control Model (NACM) [RFC8341]
provides the means to restrict access for particular NETCONF or
RESTCONF users to a preconfigured subset of all available NETCONF or
RESTCONF protocol operations and content.

 -- if you have any writable data nodes (those are all the
 -- "config true" nodes, and remember, that is the default)
 -- describe their specific sensitivity or vulnerability.

There are a number of data nodes defined in this YANG module that are
writable/creatable/deletable (i.e., "config true", which is the
default).  These data nodes may be considered sensitive or vulnerable
in some network environments.  Write operations (e.g., edit-config)
and delete operations to these data nodes without proper protection
or authentication can have a negative effect on network operations.
Specifically, the following subtrees and data nodes have particular
sensitivities/vulnerabilities:

<list subtrees and data nodes and explain the associated security
 risks with a focus on how they can be disruptive if abused>

 -- for all YANG modules you must evaluate whether any readable data
 -- nodes (those are all the "config false" nodes, but also all other
 -- nodes, because they can also be read via operations like get or
 -- get-config) are sensitive or vulnerable (for instance, if they
 -- might reveal customer information or violate personal privacy
 -- laws such as those of the European Union if exposed to
 -- unauthorized parties)

Some of the readable data nodes in this YANG module may be considered
sensitive or vulnerable in some network environments.  It is thus
important to control read access (e.g., via get, get-config, or
notification) to these data nodes. Specifically, the following
subtrees and data nodes have particular sensitivities/
vulnerabilities:

<list subtrees and data nodes and explain the reasons for
 the sensitivity/privacy concerns>

 -- if your YANG module has defined any RPC operations
 -- describe their specific sensitivity or vulnerability.

Some of the RPC operations in this YANG module may be considered
sensitive or vulnerable in some network environments.  It is thus
important to control access to these operations.  Specifically,
the following operations have particular sensitivities/
vulnerabilities:

<list RPC operations and explain the reasons for the sensitivity/
 privacy concerns>

   -- if your YANG module reuses groupings from other modules and
   -- the document that specifies these groupings also
   -- includes those as data nodes, then add this text to remind
   -- the specific sensitivity or vulnerability of reused nodes.

This YANG module uses groupings from other YANG modules that
define nodes that may be considered sensitive or vulnerable
in network environments. Refer to the Security Considerations
of <RFC-insert-numbers> for information as to which nodes may
be considered sensitive or vulnerable in network environments.

  -- if your YANG module does not define any data nodes, then
  -- add the following text

The YANG module defines a set of identities, types, and
groupings. These nodes are intended to be reused by other YANG
modules. The module by itself does not expose any data nodes that
are writable, data nodes that contain read-only state, or RPCs. 
As such, there are no additional security issues related to 
the YANG module that need to be considered.

Modules that use the groupings that are defined in this document
should identify the corresponding security considerations. For
example, reusing some of these groupings will expose privacy-related
information (e.g., 'node-example').
